# Foreword

## Overview

This document is intended for experimental purposes only and is not
intended to become a specification.

Open-source documents are developed using the ITS Open-Source Process, as
defined in NTCIP X8008. This process provides an open standards development
process that accepts issues reported by the community and resolved by
peer-reviewed contributions from the community. The open source process
concludes with the resultant material being approved by the defined approval
process.

## Approvals

There are no approvals for this project.

## User Comment Instructions

Comments can be submitted at any time.

Comments on open-source projects can be submitted either on the
[discussions](https://github.com/k-vaughn/ITS-open-source/discussions)
or [issues](https://github.com/k-vaughn/ITS-open-source/issues) tab of the
project.

Discussions can be initiated at any time and anyone in the community can
respond, all within a public environment. Responses to discussion comments are
strictly informative and may not be accurate. Discussion comments can lead to
the submittal of issues that need to be resolved to clarify the standard.

Issues can be submitted at any time. Issues are triaged by the project
maintainer, who will evaluate their merit, classify them (e.g., as a bug,
documentation issue, ommission), and in most cases respond to the submitter.
Once ready, issues will be available for contributors to volunteer to address.
When a volunteer has a proposed solution, it can be submitted to the project and
approved in a relatively short period (when compared to the traditional
standards approval process). However, updates to the projects are still version
controlled so that users can reference a specific version of the project without
fear of it changing.

Comment should use the templates provided on the website; otherwise they may be ignored.

## History

For a history of the project, see the projects
[releases](https://github.com/ite-org/OpenSourceSandbox/releases) page.
